Improve the documentation for `energy_edges` (#4649)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/user-guide/estimators.rst

   **backward folding**. This method is currently only exposed in the `ExcessMapEstimator`

> Energy edges
> ---------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Energy edges
------------
```

The input energy edges by the user are converted to the nearest parent dataset energy bin
values. The estimators select the energy bins from the parent dataset which are closest to the
requested energy edges. Therefore, the input energy edges are not always the same as the output
energy bins provided in the final product. If a specific energy binning is required at the estimator

> level, it should be implemented in true_energy during the dataset computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
level, it should be implemented in the parent dataset geometry (i.e. the dataset energy axis edges should contain the required edges).
```

Reviewer: Maybe one could say also that the estimators run on bins of reconstructed energy. They cannot modify the binning of the parent dataset but only group its bins. The requested edges will therefore be used to group the parent dataset energy edges into larger bins.
